foodatlas_id	is_food	group	subgroup
e772	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e773	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e774	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e775	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e776	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e777	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e778	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e779	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e780	True	Fruits	Berries
e781	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e782	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e783	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e784	True	Aquatic foods	Cetaceans
e785	True	Animal foods	Bovines
e786	True	Gourds	Gourds
e787	True	Gourds	Gourds
e788	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e789	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e790	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e791	True	Animal foods	Bovines
e792	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e793	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e794	True	Pulses	Beans
e795	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e796	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e797	True	Fruits	Berries
e798	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e799	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e800	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e801	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e802	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e803	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e804	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e805	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e806	True	Fruits	Citrus
e807	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e808	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e809	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e810	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e811	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e812	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e813	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e814	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e815	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e816	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e817	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e818	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e819	True	Pulses	Beans
e820	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e821	True	Fruits	Berries
e822	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e823	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e824	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e825	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e826	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e827	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e828	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e829	True	Fruits	Citrus
e830	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e831	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e832	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e833	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e834	True	Fruits	Pomes
e835	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e836	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e837	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e838	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e839	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e840	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e841	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e842	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e843	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e844	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e845	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e846	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e847	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e848	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e849	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e850	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e851	True	Fruits	Berries
e852	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e853	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e854	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e855	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e856	True	Aquatic foods	Seaweed
e857	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e858	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e859	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e860	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e861	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e862	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e863	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e864	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e865	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e866	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e867	True	Nuts	Nuts
e868	True	Fruits	Pomes
e869	True	Fruits	Drupes
e870	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e871	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e872	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e873	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e874	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e875	True	Aquatic foods	Cetaceans
e876	True	Fruits	Berries
e877	True	Gourds	Gourds
e878	True	Fruits	Berries
e879	True	Fruits	Berries
e880	True	Fruits	Berries
e881	True	Fruits	Berries
e882	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e883	True	Nuts	Nuts
e884	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e885	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e886	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e887	True	Nuts	Nuts
e888	True	Nuts	Nuts
e889	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e890	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e891	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e892	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e893	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e894	True	Fruits	Berries
e895	True	Fruits	Berries
e896	True	Fruits	Berries
e897	True	Fruits	Berries
e898	True	Fruits	Berries
e899	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e900	True	Nuts	Nuts
e901	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e902	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e903	True	Fruits	Berries
e904	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e905	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e906	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e907	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e908	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e909	True	Pulses	Peas
e910	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e911	True	Nuts	Nuts
e912	True	Pulses	Peas
e913	True	Pulses	Peas
e914	True	Pulses	Peas
e915	True	Gourds	Gourds
e916	True	Gourds	Gourds
e917	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e918	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e919	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e920	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e921	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e922	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e923	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e924	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e925	True	Fruits	Berries
e926	True	Fruits	Drupes
e927	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e928	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e929	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e930	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e931	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e932	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e933	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e934	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e935	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e936	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e937	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e938	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e939	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e940	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e941	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e942	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e943	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e944	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e945	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e946	True	Pulses	Beans
e947	True	Pulses	Beans
e948	True	Pulses	Peas
e949	True	Fruits	Berries
e950	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e951	True	Fruits	Citrus
e952	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e953	True	Pulses	Lentils
e954	True	Fruits	Berries
e955	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e956	True	Fruits	Berries
e957	True	Nuts	Nuts
e958	True	Nuts	Nuts
e959	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e960	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e961	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e962	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e963	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e964	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e965	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e966	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e967	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e968	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e969	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e970	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e971	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e972	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e973	True	Pulses	Beans
e974	True	Fruits	Berries
e975	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e976	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e977	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e978	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e979	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e980	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e981	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e982	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e983	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e984	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e985	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e986	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e987	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e988	True	Fruits	Drupes
e989	True	Nuts	Nuts
e990	True	Nuts	Nuts
e991	True	Fruits	Pomes
e992	True	Fruits	Pomes
e993	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e994	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e995	True	Pulses	Peas
e996	True	Nuts	Nuts
e997	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e998	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e999	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1000	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e1001	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e1002	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1003	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1004	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1005	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e1006	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e1007	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1008	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1009	True	Pulses	Beans
e1010	True	Fruits	Berries
e1011	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1012	True	Soy	Soy
e1013	True	Soy	Soy
e1014	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1015	True	Fruits	Berries
e1016	True	Fruits	Berries
e1017	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1018	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1019	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1020	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1021	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1022	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1023	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1024	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1025	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1026	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1027	True	Teas	Teas
e1028	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1029	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1030	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1031	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1032	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1033	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1034	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1035	True	Fruits	Pomes
e1036	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e1037	True	Aquatic foods	Cetaceans
e1038	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1039	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1040	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1041	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1042	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1043	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1044	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1045	True	Pulses	Peas
e1046	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1047	True	Fruits	Berries
e1048	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1049	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1050	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1051	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1052	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1053	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1054	True	Fruits	Berries
e1055	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e1056	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1057	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1058	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1059	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1060	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1061	True	Fruits	Berries
e1062	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1063	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1064	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1065	True	Pulses	Beans
e1066	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e1067	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1068	True	Fruits	Berries
e1069	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e1070	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1071	True	Fruits	Berries
e1072	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1073	True	Fruits	Berries
e1074	True	Fruits	Berries
e1075	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1076	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1077	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1078	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1079	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1080	True	Fruits	Pomes
e1081	True	Fruits	Berries
e1082	True	Fruits	Citrus
e1083	True	Fruits	Citrus
e1084	True	Aquatic foods	Seaweed
e1085	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1086	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1087	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1088	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1089	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1090	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1091	True	Fruits	Berries
e1092	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1093	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e1094	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1095	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1096	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1097	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1098	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1099	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1100	True	Pulses	Beans
e1101	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e1102	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1103	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e1104	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e1105	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1106	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1107	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1108	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1109	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1110	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1111	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1112	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1113	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1114	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1115	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1116	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1117	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1118	True	Fruits	Berries
e1119	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1120	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1121	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1122	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1123	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1124	True	Pulses	Peas
e1125	True	Pulses	Peas
e1126	True	Soy	Soy
e1127	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1128	True	Pulses	Lentils
e1129	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1130	True	Pulses	Beans
e1131	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1132	True	Pulses	Peas
e1133	True	Pulses	Beans
e1134	True	Pulses	Beans
e1135	True	Pulses	Beans
e1136	True	Pulses	Peas
e1137	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1138	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1139	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1140	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1141	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e1142	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1143	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1144	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1145	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1146	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1147	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1148	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e1149	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1150	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1151	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1152	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1153	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1154	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1155	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e1156	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1157	True	Teas	Teas
e1158	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1159	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1160	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1161	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1162	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1163	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1164	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1165	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1166	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1167	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1168	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e1169	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1170	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e1171	True	Fruits	Berries
e1172	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1173	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1174	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1175	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1176	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1177	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1178	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1179	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1180	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1181	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1182	True	Fruits	Berries
e1183	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1184	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e1185	True	Nuts	Nuts
e1186	True	Fruits	Berries
e1187	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1188	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1189	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1190	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e1191	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e1192	True	Fruits	Berries
e1193	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1194	True	Fruits	Berries
e1195	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1196	True	Fruits	Berries
e1197	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1198	True	Fruits	Berries
e1199	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1200	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1201	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1202	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1203	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1204	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1205	True	Fruits	Berries
e1206	True	Fruits	Citrus
e1207	True	Aquatic foods	Seaweed
e1208	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e1209	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1210	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1211	True	Fruits	Berries
e1212	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1213	True	Soy	Soy
e1214	True	Pulses	Lentils
e1215	True	Pulses	Beans
e1216	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e1217	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1218	True	Fruits	Berries
e1219	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1220	True	Fruits	Berries
e1519	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1520	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1521	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1522	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1523	True	Gourds	Gourds
e1524	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1525	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1526	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1527	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1528	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1529	True	Fruits	Berries
e1530	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1531	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1532	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1533	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e1534	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e1535	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1536	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1537	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1538	True	Pulses	Beans
e1539	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1540	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1541	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1542	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1543	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1544	True	Fruits	Pomes
e1545	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1546	True	Fruits	Berries
e1547	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1548	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1549	True	Fruits	Berries
e1550	True	Fruits	Berries
e1551	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1552	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1553	True	Fruits	Drupes
e1554	True	Fruits	Citrus
e1555	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1556	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1557	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1558	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1559	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1636	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1637	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1638	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e1639	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e1640	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1641	True	Animal foods	Equines
e1642	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1643	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1644	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e1645	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1646	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1647	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1648	True	Animal foods	Ovis
e1649	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1650	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1651	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1652	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e1653	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1654	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e1655	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1656	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e1657	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1658	True	Fruits	Berries
e1659	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1660	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1661	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e1662	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1663	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e1664	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1665	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1666	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1667	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e1668	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1669	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e1670	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1671	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e1672	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1673	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e1674	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1675	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1676	True	Pulses	Other pulses
e1677	True	Pulses	Other pulses
e1678	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e1679	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1680	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e1681	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e1682	True	Pulses	Other pulses
e3633	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3634	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3635	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e3636	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3637	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3638	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3639	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3640	True	Animal foods	Bovines
e3641	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3642	True	Fruits	Berries
e3643	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3644	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3645	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3646	True	Fruits	Berries
e3647	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3648	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3649	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3650	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3651	True	Fruits	Berries
e3652	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3653	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e3654	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3655	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3656	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e3657	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3658	True	Animal foods	Lagomorphs
e3659	True	Fruits	Berries
e3660	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e3661	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3662	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e3663	True	Fruits	Berries
e3664	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3665	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3666	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3667	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3668	True	Herbs and spices	Oilseed crops
e3669	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3670	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3671	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3672	True	Aquatic foods	Other aquatic foods
e3673	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e3674	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3675	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3676	True	Fruits	Berries
e3677	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3678	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3679	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3680	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3681	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3682	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3683	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3684	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3685	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3686	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3687	True	Pulses	Beans
e3688	True	Pulses	Beans
e3689	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3690	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3691	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3692	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3693	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3694	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3695	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3696	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3697	True	Fruits	Berries
e3698	True	Fruits	Berries
e3699	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e3700	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3701	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3702	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3703	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3704	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3705	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3706	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3707	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3708	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3709	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3710	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3711	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3712	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e3713	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e3714	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e3715	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e3716	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3717	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3718	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3719	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3720	True	Fruits	Pomes
e3721	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3722	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3723	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3724	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3725	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3726	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3727	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3728	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3729	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3730	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3731	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3732	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3733	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3734	True	Aquatic foods	Cetaceans
e3735	True	Fruits	Berries
e3736	True	Fruits	Berries
e3737	True	Fruits	Berries
e3738	True	Fruits	Berries
e3739	True	Fruits	Berries
e3740	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3741	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3742	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3743	True	Fruits	Berries
e3744	True	Fruits	Berries
e3745	True	Fruits	Berries
e3746	True	Fruits	Berries
e3747	True	Fruits	Berries
e3748	True	Fruits	Berries
e3749	True	Fruits	Berries
e3750	True	Fruits	Berries
e3751	True	Fruits	Berries
e3752	True	Fruits	Berries
e3753	True	Fruits	Berries
e3754	True	Fruits	Berries
e3755	True	Fruits	Berries
e3756	True	Fruits	Berries
e3757	True	Fruits	Berries
e3758	True	Fruits	Berries
e3759	True	Fruits	Berries
e3760	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3761	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3762	True	Fruits	Berries
e3763	True	Fruits	Berries
e3764	True	Fruits	Berries
e3765	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e3766	True	Fruits	Berries
e3767	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e3768	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3769	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3770	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3771	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3772	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3773	True	Pulses	Beans
e3774	True	Pulses	Beans
e3775	True	Pulses	Beans
e3776	True	Pulses	Beans
e3777	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3778	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3779	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3780	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3781	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3782	True	Fruits	Berries
e3783	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3784	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3785	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3786	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3787	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3788	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3789	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3790	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e3791	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3792	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3793	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3794	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3795	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3796	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e3797	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3798	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3799	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e3800	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3801	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3802	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3803	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3804	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3805	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3806	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3807	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3808	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3809	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3810	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3811	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3812	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3813	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3814	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3815	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3816	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3817	True	Pulses	Peas
e3818	True	Pulses	Peas
e3819	True	Pulses	Peas
e3820	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3821	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3822	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3823	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e3824	True	Fruits	Berries
e3825	True	Fruits	Berries
e3826	True	Fruits	Berries
e3827	True	Fruits	Berries
e3828	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3829	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3830	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3831	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3832	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3833	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3834	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3835	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3836	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3837	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3838	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3839	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3840	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3841	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3842	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3843	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3844	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3845	True	Fruits	Berries
e3846	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3847	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3848	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e3849	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3850	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e3851	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e3852	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e3853	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3854	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3855	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e3856	True	Pulses	Beans
e3857	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3858	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3859	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3860	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3861	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3862	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3863	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3864	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3865	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3866	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3867	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3868	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3869	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e3870	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3871	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3872	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3873	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3874	True	Fruits	Berries
e3875	True	Fruits	Berries
e3876	True	Fruits	Berries
e3877	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3878	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3879	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3880	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3881	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e3882	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e3883	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3884	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3885	True	Pulses	Peas
e3886	True	Pulses	Peas
e3887	True	Pulses	Peas
e3888	True	Pulses	Peas
e3889	True	Pulses	Peas
e3890	True	Pulses	Peas
e3891	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3892	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3893	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3894	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3895	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3896	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3897	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3898	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3899	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3900	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3901	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3902	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3903	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3904	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3905	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3906	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3907	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3908	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3909	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3910	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3911	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3912	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3913	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3914	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3915	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3916	True	Pulses	Peas
e3917	True	Pulses	Peas
e3918	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3919	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3920	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3921	True	Gourds	Gourds
e3922	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e3923	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3924	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3925	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e3926	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e3927	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e3928	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3929	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3930	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3931	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3932	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3933	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e3934	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3935	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3936	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3937	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3938	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3939	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3940	True	Nuts	Nuts
e3941	True	Fruits	Berries
e3942	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3943	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3944	True	Fruits	Drupes
e3945	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e3946	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3947	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3948	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3949	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3950	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3951	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3952	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3953	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3954	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3955	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3956	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e3957	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e3958	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e3959	True	Fruits	Berries
e3960	True	Fruits	Berries
e3961	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3962	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3963	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3964	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3965	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3966	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e3967	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e3968	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e3969	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e3970	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e3971	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3972	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3973	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e3974	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3975	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3976	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e3977	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e3978	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3979	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3980	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e3981	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3982	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e3983	True	Pulses	Beans
e3984	True	Pulses	Beans
e3985	True	Pulses	Beans
e3986	True	Fruits	Citrus
e3987	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3988	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3989	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3990	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3991	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e3992	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e3993	True	Fruits	Berries
e3994	True	Fruits	Berries
e3995	True	Fruits	Berries
e3996	True	Fruits	Berries
e3997	True	Fruits	Berries
e3998	True	Fruits	Berries
e3999	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4000	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4001	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4002	True	Pulses	Beans
e4003	True	Pulses	Beans
e4004	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4005	True	Aquatic foods	Seaweed
e4006	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4007	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4008	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4009	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4010	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4011	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4012	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4013	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4014	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4015	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4016	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4017	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4018	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4019	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4020	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4021	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4022	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4023	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4024	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4025	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4026	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4027	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4028	True	Pulses	Lentils
e4029	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4030	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4031	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4032	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4033	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4034	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4035	True	Pulses	Beans
e4036	True	Pulses	Beans
e4037	True	Pulses	Beans
e4038	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4039	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4040	True	Fruits	Berries
e4041	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4042	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4043	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4044	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4045	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4046	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4047	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4048	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4049	True	Fruits	Berries
e4050	True	Fruits	Berries
e4051	True	Fruits	Berries
e4052	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4053	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4054	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4055	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4056	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4057	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4058	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4059	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4060	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4061	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4062	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4063	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4064	True	Pulses	Beans
e4065	True	Pulses	Beans
e4066	True	Pulses	Beans
e4067	True	Pulses	Beans
e4068	True	Pulses	Beans
e4069	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4070	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4071	True	Pulses	Beans
e4072	True	Pulses	Beans
e4073	True	Pulses	Beans
e4074	True	Fruits	Berries
e4075	True	Fruits	Berries
e4076	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4077	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4078	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4079	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4080	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4081	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4082	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4083	True	Fruits	Berries
e4084	True	Fruits	Berries
e4085	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4086	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4087	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4088	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4089	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4090	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4091	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4092	True	Fruits	Berries
e4093	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4094	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4095	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4096	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4097	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4098	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4099	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4100	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4101	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4102	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4103	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4104	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4105	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4106	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4107	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4108	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4109	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4110	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4111	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4112	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4113	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4114	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4115	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4116	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4117	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4118	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4119	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4120	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4121	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4122	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4123	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4124	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4125	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4126	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4127	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4128	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4129	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4130	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4131	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4132	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4133	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4134	True	Pulses	Peas
e4135	True	Pulses	Peas
e4136	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4137	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4138	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4139	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4140	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4141	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4142	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4143	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4144	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4145	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4146	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4147	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4148	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4149	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4150	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4151	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4152	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4153	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4154	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4155	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4156	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4157	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4158	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4159	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4160	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4161	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4162	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4163	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4164	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4165	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4166	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4167	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4168	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4169	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4170	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4171	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4172	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4173	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4174	True	Fruits	Berries
e4175	True	Fruits	Berries
e4176	True	Fruits	Berries
e4177	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4178	True	Fruits	Berries
e4179	True	Fruits	Berries
e4180	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4181	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4182	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4183	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e4184	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e4185	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e4186	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e4187	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e4188	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e4189	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4190	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4191	True	Fruits	Berries
e4192	True	Fruits	Berries
e4193	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4194	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4195	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4196	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4197	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4198	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4199	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4200	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4201	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4202	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4203	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4204	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4205	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4206	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4207	True	Fruits	Berries
e4208	True	Fruits	Berries
e4209	True	Pulses	Beans
e4210	True	Pulses	Beans
e4211	True	Fruits	Berries
e4212	True	Fruits	Berries
e4213	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4214	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4215	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4216	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4217	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4218	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4219	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4220	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4221	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4222	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4223	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4224	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4225	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4226	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4227	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4228	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4229	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4230	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4231	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4232	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4233	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4234	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4235	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4236	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4237	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4238	True	Soy	Soy
e4239	True	Soy	Soy
e4240	True	Soy	Soy
e4241	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4242	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4243	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4244	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4245	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4246	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4247	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4248	True	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e4249	True	Fruits	Berries
e4250	True	Fruits	Berries
e4251	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4252	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4253	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4254	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4255	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4256	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4257	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4258	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4259	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4260	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4261	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4262	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4263	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4264	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4265	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4266	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4267	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4268	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4269	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4270	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4271	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4272	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4273	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4274	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4275	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4276	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4277	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4278	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4279	True	Teas	Teas
e4280	True	Teas	Teas
e4281	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e4282	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4283	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4284	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4285	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4286	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4287	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4288	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4289	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4290	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4291	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4292	True	Pulses	Other pulses
e4293	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4294	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4295	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4296	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e4297	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e4298	True	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e4299	True	Pulses	Beans
e4300	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4301	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4302	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4303	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4304	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4305	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4306	True	Pulses	Peas
e4307	True	Pulses	Peas
e4308	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4309	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4310	True	Fruits	Berries
e4311	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4312	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4313	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4314	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4315	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4316	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4317	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4318	True	Pulses	Peas
e4319	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4320	True	Fruits	Berries
e4321	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4322	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4323	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4324	True	Fruits	Berries
e4325	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4326	True	Fruits	Berries
e4327	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4328	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4329	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4330	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4331	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4332	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4333	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4334	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4335	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4336	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4337	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e4338	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4339	True	Fruits	Berries
e4340	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4341	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4342	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4343	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4344	True	Fruits	Berries
e4345	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4346	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4347	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e4348	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4349	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4350	True	Pulses	Beans
e4351	True	Pulses	Beans
e4352	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4353	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4354	True	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e4355	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4356	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e4357	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4358	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4359	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4360	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4361	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4362	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4363	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4364	True	Vegetables	Mushrooms
e4365	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e4366	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e4367	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4368	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4369	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4370	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4371	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4372	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4373	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4374	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4375	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4376	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4377	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4378	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4379	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4380	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4381	True	Pulses	Beans
e4382	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e4383	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e4384	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4385	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e4386	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4387	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4388	True	Animal foods	Swine
e4389	True	Animal foods	Swine
e4390	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e4391	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4392	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4393	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4394	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4395	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4396	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4397	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4398	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e4399	True	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e4400	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4401	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4402	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4403	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4404	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4405	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4406	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4407	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4408	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4409	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4410	True	Fruits	Berries
e4411	True	Fruits	Berries
e4412	True	Fruits	Berries
e4413	True	Fruits	Berries
e4414	True	Teas	Herbal teas
e4415	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4416	True	Fruits	Berries
e4417	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4418	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4419	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4420	True	Fruits	Pomes
e4421	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4422	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4423	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4424	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4425	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4426	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4427	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4428	True	Fruits	Berries
e4429	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4430	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4431	True	Vegetables	Leaf vegetables
e4432	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4433	True	Pulses	Beans
e4434	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4435	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4436	True	Vegetables	Stalk vegetables
e4437	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e4438	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e4439	True	Cocoa and cocoa products	Cocoa
e4440	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4441	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4442	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4443	True	Fruits	Berries
e4444	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4445	True	Gourds	Gourds
e4446	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4447	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4448	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4449	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4450	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4451	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4452	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4453	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4454	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e4455	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4456	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4457	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4458	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4459	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4460	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4461	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4462	True	Fruits	Drupes
e4463	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4464	True	Fruits	Citrus
e4465	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4466	True	Pulses	Peas
e4467	True	Pulses	Peas
e4468	True	Pulses	Peas
e4469	True	Pulses	Peas
e4470	True	Pulses	Beans
e4471	True	Pulses	Beans
e4472	True	Pulses	Beans
e4473	True	Pulses	Peas
e4474	True	Pulses	Beans
e4475	True	Pulses	Beans
e4476	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4477	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4478	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4479	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4480	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4481	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4482	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4483	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4484	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4485	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4486	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4487	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4488	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4489	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4490	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4491	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4492	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e4493	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4494	True	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e4495	True	Vegetables	Tubers
e4496	True	Fruits	Other fruits
e4497	True	Vegetables	Shoot vegetables
e4498	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4499	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4500	True	Vegetables	Other vegetables
e4501	True	Teas	Teas
e4502	True	Teas	Teas
e4503	True	Teas	Teas
e4504	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e4505	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4506	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4507	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4508	True	Fruits	Berries
e4509	True	Fruits	Berries
e4510	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4511	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4512	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e4513	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4514	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4515	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4516	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4517	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4518	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4519	True	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e4520	True	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e4521	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4522	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4523	True	Fruits	Berries
e4524	True	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e4525	True	Fruits	Berries
e4526	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e4527	True	Fruits	Berries
e4528	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4529	True	Nuts	Nuts
e4530	True	Nuts	Nuts
e5196	True		
e5197	True		
e5198	True		
e5199	True		
e5200	True		
e5201	True		
e5202	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e5203	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e5204	True		
e5205	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e5206	True		
e5207	True		
e5208	True		
e5209	True		
e5210	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e5211	True		
e5212	True		
e5213	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e5214	True		
e5215	True		
e5216	True		
e5217	True		
e5218	True		
e5219	True		
e5220	True		
e5221	True	Fruits	Drupes
e5222	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e5223	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e5224	True		
e5225	True	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e5226	True		
e5227	True		
e5228	True		
e5229	True		
e5230	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e5231	True		
e5232	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e5233	True		
e5234	True		
e5235	True	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e5236	True		
e5237	True		
e5238	True		
e5239	True	Animal foods	Poultry
e5240	True		
e5241	True		
e5242	True		
e5243	True		
e5244	True		
e5245	True		
e5246	True		
e5247	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e5248	True		
e5249	True		
e5250	True		
e5251	True		
e5323	True		
e5324	True		
e5325	True	Vegetables	Root vegetables
e5326	True	Fruits	Berries
e5327	True		
e5328	True	Vegetables	Cabbages
e5329	True		
e5330	True	Fruits	Berries
e5331	True	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e5332	True	Nuts	Nuts
e5333	True		
e5334	True	Fruits	Berries
e5335	True	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e5336	True		
e5337	True	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e5338	True		
e5339	True		
e6402	False		
e6403	False		
e6404	False		
e6405	False		
e6406	False		
e6407	False		
e6408	False		
e6409	False		
e6410	False		
e6411	False		
e6412	False		
e6413	False		
e6414	False		
e6415	False		
e6416	False		
e6417	False		
e6418	False		
e6419	False		
e6420	False		
e6421	False		
e6422	False		
e6423	False		
e6424	False		
e6425	False		
e6426	False		
e6427	False		
e6428	False		
e6429	False		
e6430	False		
e6431	False		
e6432	False		
e6433	False		
e6434	False		
e6435	False		
e6436	False		
e6437	False		
e6438	False		
e6439	False		
e6440	False		
e6441	False		
e6442	False		
e6443	False		
e6444	False		
e6445	False		
e6446	False		
e6447	False		
e6448	False		
e6449	False		
e6450	False		
e6451	False		
e6452	False		
e6453	False		
e6454	False		
e6455	False		
e6456	False		
e6457	False		
e6458	False		
e6459	False		
e6460	False		
e6461	False		
e6462	False		
e6463	False		
e6464	False		
e6465	False		
e6466	False		
e6467	False		
e6468	False		
e6469	False		
e6470	False		
e6471	False		
e6472	False		
e6473	False		
e6474	False		
e6475	False		
e6476	False		
e6477	False		
e6478	False		
e6479	False		
e6480	False		
e6481	False		
e6482	False		
e6483	False		
e6484	False		
e6485	False		
e6486	False		
e6487	False		
e6488	False		
e6489	False		
e6490	False		
e6491	False		
e6492	False		
e6493	False		
e6494	False		
e6495	False		
e6496	False		
e6497	False		
e6498	False		
e6499	False		
e6500	False		
e6501	False		
e6502	False		
e6503	False		
e6504	False	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e6505	False		
e6506	False		
e6507	False		
e6508	False		
e6509	False		
e6510	False		
e6511	False		
e6512	False		
e6513	False		
e6514	False		
e6515	False		
e6516	False		
e6517	False		
e6518	False		
e6519	False		
e6520	False		
e6521	False		
e6522	False		
e6523	False		
e6524	False		
e6525	False		
e6526	False		
e6527	False		
e6528	False	Animal foods	Poultry
e6529	False		
e6530	False		
e6531	False		
e6532	False		
e6533	False		
e6534	False		
e6535	False		
e6536	False		
e6537	False		
e6538	False		
e6539	False		
e6540	False		
e6541	False		
e6542	False		
e6543	False		
e6544	False		
e6545	False		
e6546	False		
e6547	False		
e6548	False		
e6549	False		
e6550	False		
e6551	False		
e6552	False		
e6553	False		
e6554	False		
e6555	False		
e6556	False		
e6557	False		
e6558	False		
e6559	False		
e6560	False		
e6561	False		
e6562	False		
e6563	False	Animal foods	Poultry
e6564	False		
e6565	False		
e6566	False		
e6567	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6568	False		
e6569	False		
e6570	False		
e6571	False		
e6572	False		
e6573	False		
e6574	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6575	False		
e6576	False		
e6577	False		
e6578	False		
e6579	False		
e6580	False		
e6581	False		
e6582	False		
e6583	False		
e6584	False		
e6585	False		
e6586	False		
e6587	False		
e6588	False		
e6589	False		
e6590	False		
e6591	False		
e6592	False		
e6593	False	Animal foods	Lagomorphs
e6594	False		
e6595	False		
e6596	False		
e6597	False		
e6598	False		
e6599	False		
e6600	False		
e6601	False		
e6602	False		
e6603	False		
e6604	False		
e6605	False		
e6606	False		
e6607	False		
e6608	False		
e6609	False		
e6610	False		
e6611	False		
e6612	False		
e6613	False		
e6614	False		
e6615	False		
e6616	False	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e6617	False		
e6618	False	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e6619	False		
e6620	False		
e6621	False		
e6622	False		
e6623	False		
e6624	False		
e6625	False		
e6626	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6627	False		
e6628	False		
e6629	False		
e6630	False		
e6631	False		
e6632	False		
e6633	False		
e6634	False		
e6635	False	Animal foods	Poultry
e6636	False	Aquatic foods	Pinnipeds
e6637	False		
e6638	False		
e6639	False		
e6640	False		
e6641	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6642	False		
e6643	False		
e6644	False		
e6645	False		
e6646	False		
e6647	False		
e6648	False		
e6649	False		
e6650	False		
e6651	False		
e6652	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6653	False		
e6654	False		
e6655	False		
e6656	False		
e6657	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6658	False		
e6659	False		
e6660	False		
e6661	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6662	False		
e6663	False		
e6664	False		
e6665	False		
e6666	False		
e6667	False		
e6668	False		
e6669	False		
e6670	False		
e6671	False		
e6672	False		
e6673	False		
e6674	False		
e6675	False		
e6676	False		
e6677	False		
e6678	False		
e6679	False	Vegetables	Onion-family vegetables
e6680	False		
e6681	False		
e6682	False		
e6683	False		
e6684	False		
e6685	False		
e6686	False		
e6687	False		
e6688	False		
e6689	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6690	False		
e6691	False		
e6692	False		
e6693	False		
e6694	False		
e6695	False		
e6696	False		
e6697	False		
e6698	False		
e6699	False		
e6700	False		
e6701	False		
e6702	False		
e6703	False		
e6704	False		
e6705	False		
e6706	False		
e6707	False		
e6708	False		
e6709	False		
e6710	False		
e6711	False		
e6712	False		
e6713	False		
e6714	False		
e6715	False	Vegetables	Brassicas
e6716	False		
e6717	False		
e6718	False		
e6719	False		
e6720	False		
e6721	False		
e6722	False		
e6723	False		
e6724	False		
e6725	False		
e6726	False		
e6727	False		
e6728	False	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e6729	False		
e6730	False		
e6731	False		
e6732	False		
e6733	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6734	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6735	False		
e6736	False		
e6737	False		
e6738	False		
e6739	False		
e6740	False		
e6741	False		
e6742	False		
e6743	False		
e6744	False		
e6745	False	Herbs and Spices	Spices
e6746	False		
e6747	False	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e6748	False		
e6749	False		
e6750	False	Coffee and coffee products	Coffee
e6751	False		
e6752	False		
e6753	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6754	False		
e6755	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6756	False		
e6757	False		
e6758	False		
e6759	False		
e6760	False	Gourds	Gourds
e6761	False		
e6762	False		
e6763	False		
e6764	False		
e6765	False		
e6766	False		
e6767	False		
e6768	False		
e6769	False		
e6770	False		
e6771	False		
e6772	False	Vegetables	Tubers
e6773	False	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e6774	False		
e6775	False		
e6776	False		
e6777	False		
e6778	False		
e6779	False		
e6780	False		
e6781	False		
e6782	False		
e6783	False		
e6784	False		
e6785	False		
e6786	False		
e6787	False	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e6788	False		
e6789	False		
e6790	False		
e6791	False		
e6792	False		
e6793	False		
e6794	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6795	False		
e6796	False		
e6797	False		
e6798	False		
e6799	False		
e6800	False		
e6801	False		
e6802	False		
e6803	False		
e6804	False		
e6805	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6806	False		
e6807	False		
e6808	False		
e6809	False		
e6810	False		
e6811	False		
e6812	False		
e6813	False		
e6814	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6815	False		
e6816	False		
e6817	False		
e6818	False		
e6819	False		
e6820	False		
e6821	False		
e6822	False		
e6823	False		
e6824	False		
e6825	False		
e6826	False		
e6827	False		
e6828	False		
e6829	False		
e6830	False		
e6831	False		
e6832	False		
e6833	False		
e6834	False		
e6835	False		
e6836	False		
e6837	False		
e6838	False	Pulses	Other pulses
e6839	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6840	False		
e6841	False	Fruits	Pomes
e6842	False		
e6843	False		
e6844	False		
e6845	False		
e6846	False		
e6847	False		
e6848	False		
e6849	False		
e6850	False		
e6851	False		
e6852	False		
e6853	False		
e6854	False	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e6855	False		
e6856	False		
e6857	False		
e6858	False		
e6859	False		
e6860	False		
e6861	False		
e6862	False		
e6863	False		
e6864	False		
e6865	False		
e6866	False		
e6867	False		
e6868	False		
e6869	False		
e6870	False		
e6871	False		
e6872	False		
e6873	False	Herbs and Spices	Other seeds
e6874	False		
e6875	False		
e6876	False		
e6877	False		
e6878	False		
e6879	False		
e6880	False		
e6881	False		
e6882	False	Fruits	Tropical fruits
e6883	False		
e6884	False	Animal foods	Lagomorphs
e6885	False		
e6886	False		
e6887	False		
e6888	False		
e6889	False		
e6890	False		
e6891	False		
e6892	False		
e6893	False	Herbs and Spices	Oilseed crops
e6894	False		
e6895	False		
e6896	False		
e6897	False		
e6898	False		
e6899	False		
e6900	False		
e6901	False		
e6902	False		
e6903	False		
e6904	False		
e6905	False		
e6906	False		
e6907	False	Vegetables	Fruit vegetables
e6908	False		
e6909	False		
e6910	False		
e6911	False	Nuts	Nuts
e6912	False		
e6913	False		
e6914	False		
e6915	False		
e6916	False		
e6917	False		
e6918	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6919	False		
e6920	False		
e6921	False		
e6922	False	Fruits	Drupes
e6923	False		
e6924	False		
e6925	False		
e6926	False		
e6927	False		
e6928	False		
e6929	False		
e6930	False		
e6931	False		
e6932	False		
e6933	False		
e6934	False	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e6935	False	Fruits	Berries
e6936	False	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e6937	False		
e6938	False		
e6939	False		
e6940	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6941	False		
e6942	False	Fruits	Berries
e6943	False		
e6944	False		
e6945	False		
e6946	False		
e6947	False		
e6948	False		
e6949	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6950	False		
e6951	False		
e6952	False		
e6953	False		
e6954	False		
e6955	False		
e6956	False		
e6957	False		
e6958	False		
e6959	False		
e6960	False		
e6961	False		
e6962	False		
e6963	False		
e6964	False		
e6965	False		
e6966	False		
e6967	False		
e6968	False		
e6969	False		
e6970	False		
e6971	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e6972	False		
e6973	False	Herbs and Spices	Herbs
e6974	False		
e6975	False		
e6976	False		
e6977	False		
e6978	False	Cereals and cereal products	Cereals
e6979	False		
e6980	False		
e6981	False	Fruits	Berries
e6982	False		
e6983	False		
e6984	False		
e6985	False		
e6986	False		
e6987	False		
e6988	False	Fruits	Berries
e6989	False		
e6990	False		
e6991	False		
e6992	False		
e6993	False		
e6994	False		
e6995	False		
e6996	False		
e6997	False		
e6998	False		
e6999	False	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e7000	False	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e7001	False	Aquatic foods	Cetaceans
e7002	False		
e7003	False		
e7004	False		
e7005	False		
e7006	False		
e7007	False		
e7008	False		
e7009	False		
e7010	False		
e7011	False		
e7012	False		
e7013	False		
e7014	False		
e7015	False		
e7016	False		
e7017	False		
e7018	False		
e7019	False		
e7020	False		
e7021	False		
e7022	False		
e7023	False		
e7024	False		
e7025	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7026	False		
e7027	False		
e7028	False		
e7029	False		
e7030	False		
e7031	False		
e7032	False		
e7033	False		
e7034	False		
e7035	False		
e7036	False		
e7037	False		
e7038	False		
e7039	False		
e7040	False		
e7041	False		
e7042	False		
e7043	False		
e7044	False		
e7045	False		
e7046	False		
e7047	False		
e7048	False		
e7049	False		
e7050	False		
e7051	False		
e7052	False		
e7053	False		
e7054	False		
e7055	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7056	False		
e7057	False		
e7058	False		
e7059	False		
e7060	False		
e7061	False		
e7062	False		
e7063	False		
e7064	False		
e7065	False		
e7066	False		
e7067	False		
e7068	False		
e7069	False		
e7070	False		
e7071	False		
e7072	False		
e7073	False		
e7074	False		
e7075	False		
e7076	False		
e7077	False		
e7078	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7079	False		
e7080	False		
e7081	False		
e7082	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7083	False		
e7084	False		
e7085	False		
e7086	False		
e7087	False		
e7088	False		
e7089	False		
e7090	False		
e7091	False		
e7092	False		
e7093	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7094	False		
e7095	False		
e7096	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7097	False		
e7098	False		
e7099	False		
e7100	False		
e7101	False		
e7102	False		
e7103	False		
e7104	False		
e7105	False		
e7106	False	Aquatic foods	Mollusks
e7107	False	Aquatic foods	Seaweed
e7108	False		
e7109	False		
e7110	False	Fruits	Berries
e7111	False		
e7112	False		
e7113	False		
e7114	False		
e7115	False		
e7116	False		
e7117	False		
e7118	False		
e7119	False		
e7120	False		
e7121	False		
e7122	False		
e7123	False		
e7124	False		
e7125	False		
e7126	False		
e7127	False		
e7128	False		
e7129	False		
e7130	False		
e7131	False		
e7132	False		
e7133	False		
e7134	False		
e7135	False		
e7136	False		
e7137	False		
e7138	False		
e7139	False		
e7140	False		
e7141	False		
e7142	False		
e7143	False		
e7144	False		
e7145	False		
e7146	False		
e7147	False		
e7148	False		
e7149	False		
e7150	False		
e7151	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7152	False		
e7153	False		
e7154	False		
e7155	False		
e7156	False		
e7157	False		
e7158	False		
e7159	False		
e7160	False		
e7161	False		
e7162	False		
e7163	False		
e7164	False		
e7165	False		
e7166	False		
e7167	False		
e7168	False		
e7169	False		
e7170	False		
e7171	False		
e7172	False		
e7173	False		
e7174	False		
e7175	False		
e7176	False		
e7177	False		
e7178	False		
e7179	False		
e7180	False		
e7181	False		
e7182	False		
e7183	False		
e7184	False		
e7185	False		
e7186	False		
e7187	False		
e7188	False		
e7189	False		
e7190	False		
e7191	False		
e7192	False		
e7193	False		
e7194	False		
e7195	False		
e7196	False		
e7197	False		
e7198	False		
e7199	False		
e7200	False		
e7201	False		
e7202	False		
e7203	False		
e7204	False		
e7205	False		
e7206	False		
e7207	False		
e7208	False		
e7209	False		
e7210	False		
e7211	False		
e7212	False		
e7213	False		
e7214	False		
e7215	False		
e7216	False		
e7217	False		
e7218	False		
e7219	False		
e7220	False	Aquatic foods	Fishes
e7221	False		
e7222	False		
e7223	False		
e7224	False		
e7225	False		
e7226	False		
e7227	False		
e7228	False		
e7229	False		
e7230	False		
e7231	False	Aquatic foods	Crustaceans
e7232	False		
e7233	False		
e7234	False		
e7235	False		
e7236	False		
e7237	False		
e7238	False		
e7239	False		
e7240	False		
e7241	False		
e7242	False		
e7243	False		
e7244	False		
e7245	False		
e7246	False		
e7247	False		
e7248	False		
e7249	False		
e7250	False		
e7251	False		
e7252	False		
e7253	False		
e7254	False		
e7255	False		
e7256	False		
e7257	False		
e7258	False		
e7259	False		
e7260	False		
e7261	False		
e7262	False		
e7263	False		
e7264	False		
e7265	False		
e7266	False		
e7267	False		
e7268	False		
e7269	False		
e7270	False		
e7271	False		
e7272	False		
e7273	False		
e7274	False		
e7275	False		
e7276	False		
e7277	False		
e7278	False		
e7279	False		
e7280	False		
e7281	False		
e7282	False		
e7283	False		
e7284	False		
e7285	False		
e7286	False		
e7287	False		
e7288	False		
e7289	False		
e7290	False		
e7291	False		
e7292	False		
e7293	False		
e7294	False		
e7295	False		
e7296	False		
e7297	False		
e7298	False		
e7299	False		
e7300	False		
e7301	False		
e7302	False		
e7303	False		
e7304	False		
e7305	False		
e7306	False		
e7307	False		
e7308	False		
e7309	False		
e7310	False		
e7311	False		
e7312	False		
e7313	False		
e7314	False		
e7315	False		
e7316	False		
e7317	False		
e7318	False		
e7319	False		
e7320	False		
e7321	False		
e7322	False		
e7323	False		
e7324	False		
e7325	False		
e7326	False		
e7327	False		
e7328	False		
e7329	False		
e7330	False		
e7331	False		
e7332	False		
e7333	False		
e7334	False		
e7335	False		
e7336	False		
e7337	False		
e7338	False		
e7339	False		
e7340	False		
e7341	False		
e7342	False		
e7343	False		
e7344	False		
e7345	False		
e7346	False		
e7347	False		
e7348	False		
e7349	False		
e7350	False		
e7351	False		
e7352	False		
e7353	False		
e7354	False		
e7355	False		
e7356	False		
e7357	False		
e7358	False		
e7359	False		
e7360	False		
e7361	False		
e7362	False		
e7363	False		
e7364	False		
e7365	False		
e7366	False		
e7367	False		
e7368	False		
e7369	False		
e7370	False		
